hello how about friends of galaxies in this
I bring a video for you that
they asked me a lot if you watched the videos
Past sure you know what it is like
that we do not take from here that we already started
if you are a true fan of the channel
so you started to give an account of the
lock screen that I had in my
device in past videos this
screen is part of galaxy 4 but
I have in that 5 so many of
you asked me how to get it in
first
this team has a custom rom of a
galaxy 6 the rom phoenix but includes
many more interesting visuals do not
we all have an s 5 to achieve this
modification of logical and touch so
how to get it looking for you
I found an app that achieves this same
effect that this is ex locker which you
allows you to change your unlock mode
different and interesting ways
only install it with the
complement of cloud 4 and magic
you will have installed this incredible effect
to block your device in any
it does not matter the android version or
even if it's not a samsung in
any good unless you have a
iphone and then to those that you can only
change the wallpaper to access from
different but if you have a beautiful
Android you can install these
Shocking visuals on your computer like this
let's not say more
just click here below on the
part of the video tells us more information
and there you will find the link to this
application to install it completely
free to your device reviews the option
of application themes you will be able to
find many more interesting
customize the information on the screen
font size clock font wallpaper
everything you want
it is quite customizable also you
I recommend that they deactivate the blocking of
screen from the settings of your
equipment so you do not have problems
using the like this application
like the video before someone
more do it for you and get
superpowers follow me on twitter facebook
and instagram if you have any questions
or you just want to send a greeting
or money by the way congratulations to cindy
mx that this last Friday was crowned
winner of the best legs with by
second time thank you very much for
share with us all your
personalization remember that if you
you want to appear in the next video and
that I recorded your modification myself
participate via twitter sending each
Friday your best screen with the hashtag
home legs do not forget either
download the rooms and lose this video
in the description down there I leave you
also the direct download for all
I hope this video has you
liked to achieve because you asked for it and in
I really hope you enjoy it
thank you very much for watching and remember me
I am Carlos of galaxies and see you